Toolbar menus:

File:
  Only the Quit option is implemented

Device:
  Should show all the available cameras
  The Rescan option rescans for cameras that have been added or removed
  since the application was started

Options:
  Histogram shows a histogram for the captured image
  Reticle displays a circular reticle over the preview image
  Flip X flips the image (preview and recorded) horizontally
  Flip Y flips the image (preview and recorded) vertically

Settings:
  All the options here pop up the same config dialog, but start in a
  different place.  Hopefully the options should be obvious.  The "Save"
  button changes the settings, "Cancel" closes the window and forgets any
  changes.  I should probably chance "Cancel" to "Close" after a save and
  before any other changes have been made.

Help:
  You're beyond help :)


Settings boxes:

Camera:
  Preview turns the preview on and off
  Night mode makes the display a nasty red colour
  16-bit enables 16-bit mode for cameras that support it (ASI120MM so far?)
  2x2 binning does what it says on the tin for mono cameras only

Image:
  Use ROI does nothing.  The ASI120 cameras have a fixed-ish set of image
  sizes displayed in the drop-down
  Max size reverts the image to the largest size

Zoom:
  The buttons instantly rescale the preview image by the displayed factor
  (which can be changed in the drop-down associated with each one

  The slider resizes the preview on a continuous scale between 25% and 300%

Control:
  The obvious available controls for the camera.  Not all are displayed here.
  Others will eventually be available via a pop-up panel.  The FPS slider
  is available for those cameras that support setting FPS.

Capture:
  Profile allows a settings profile to be selected (these can be saved in
  the Settings pop-up).  The "redo" button resets the settings to those of
  the currently selected profile.
  Filter does nothing yet other than change the string used to replace
  "%FILTER%" in the filename template.
  File allows the capture filename to be set.  See below
  The three buttons after the filename allow selection of the capture
  directory, deletion of the last capture and a directory view.
  File type only supports AVI for the moment
  Limit sets a limit on autorun capture times.  When selected an input box
  opens to allow the time to be set (in seconds).
  The record (triangle) and stop (square) buttons do as expected
  The "autorun" button resets the autorun settings to the saved values.
  If you have set, say, ten capture runs in sequence in the settings dialog
  and run them, this button allows you to configure another ten without
  having to reopen the settings dialog.

The status line at the bottom of the screen displays:

  Camera temperature, if available
  Theoretical maximum frame rate
  Actual frame rate
  Captured frames (during recording)

Filenames

The captured filename may contain the following strings which are
substituted when the file is opened:

%D %DATE	date, YYYYMMDD
%T %TIME        time of day, HHMMSS
%P %PROFILE     profile name
%F %FILTER      filter name
%Y %YEAR        year, YYYY
%M %MONTH       month, MM
%d %DAY         day, DD
%h %HOUR        hour, HH
%m %MINUTE      minutes, MM
%s %SECOND      second, SS
%E %EPOCH       seconds since the epoch (1/1/1970 00:00:00)

